<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="task-2325" domains="(topic task)                            (topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)    " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" class="- topic/topic task/task "><title class="- topic/title ">Installing BWH into easyDITA</title><shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc ">How to install the Better Web Help plugin into your company's easyDITA.</shortdesc><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author type="creator" translate="no" class="- topic/author ">Scott Lucchini &lt;scott.lucchini@easydita.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><taskbody class="- topic/body task/taskbody "><context class="- topic/section task/context ">More information about installing plugins can be found at: <xref href="http://docs.easydita.com/01_easyDITA_User_Guide/00078Publishing/00081Configuring_the_DITA_OT_in_easyDITA" class="- topic/xref ">Configuring the DITA OT in easyDITA</xref>.</context><steps class="- topic/ol task/steps "><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Go to http://{your-org}.easydita.com and log in as a dba user.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">In the upper left hand corner, click "Manage Users and Accounts."</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Select the "Plugin Management" tab and click "DITA Open Toolkit."</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">On this page, you should see "Scenarios" on the left, with "Available DITA Open Toolkits" and "DITA OT Plugins" on the right.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Next you must add a DITA Open Toolkit. If you already have an Available DITA OT, skip to Step 6.</cmd><substeps class="- topic/ol task/substeps "><substep class="- topic/li task/substep "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Go to the <xref href="https://dita-ot.github.io/" class="- topic/xref ">DITA OT Homepage</xref> and click on "Download DITA OT."</cmd></substep><substep class="- topic/li task/substep "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">This will bring you to a sourceforge page, and you should download "DITA-OT{version}_full_easy_install_bin.zip"</cmd></substep><substep class="- topic/li task/substep "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Return to the Plugin Management page and click the "New" button next to the "Available DITA Open Toolkits" header.</cmd></substep><substep class="- topic/li task/substep "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Select the zip file you just downloaded and it will automatically upload and install.</cmd></substep></substeps></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Now, you have to upload the plugin itself.</cmd><substeps class="- topic/ol task/substeps "><substep class="- topic/li task/substep "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">In order to add the plugin, first download the zip file from the <xref href="https://github.com/Jorsek/BetterWebHelp" class="- topic/xref ">github page</xref>.</cmd></substep><substep class="- topic/li task/substep "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Click the "New" button next to the "DITA OT Plugins" header and select the downloaded "com.jorsek.bwh_{release-date}.zip" file.</cmd></substep><substep class="- topic/li task/substep "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">It will automatically upload and install.</cmd></substep></substeps></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Finally, you need to create a "Scenario" so that you can access the plugin from the Publish tab when viewing a document.</cmd><substeps class="- topic/ol task/substeps "><substep class="- topic/li task/substep "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Click the "New" button next to the "Scenarios" header.</cmd></substep><substep class="- topic/li task/substep "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Enter a Scenario Name ("Better Web Help").</cmd></substep><substep class="- topic/li task/substep "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Select the DITA OT you just installed (in Step 5) from the dropdown list.</cmd></substep><substep class="- topic/li task/substep "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Click "Change" under "Select Ant File to Run" and select "build.xml" in the root directory of the DITA OT folder you uploaded in Step 5.</cmd></substep><substep class="- topic/li task/substep "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Add a parameter with the Name: "transtype" with Type: "Simple String Value" and Value "bwh".</cmd></substep><substep class="- topic/li task/substep "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Leave "User Settable" unchecked.</cmd></substep><substep class="- topic/li task/substep "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Finally, you should see a list of the installed Plugins on the right sidebar. Click the checkbox next to "com.jorsek.bwh_{release-date}.</cmd></substep><substep class="- topic/li task/substep "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Save your Scenario.</cmd></substep></substeps></step></steps><result class="- topic/section task/result ">Now when looking at a resource (by clicking on its name), you should see the "Better Web Help" under the list of "Available Publishing Scenarios" if you add a New Publish within the DITA Open Toolkit.<note type="note" class="- topic/note ">When publishing documents with the Better Web Help plugin, the build file indexes all the documents on compile time (for offline search). Don't worry if the publish takes a long time (up to 30 minutes or more for many files).</note></result></taskbody></task>