<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="task-2959" domains="(topic task)                            (topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)    " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" class="- topic/topic task/task "><title class="- topic/title ">Setting up Google Analytics with BWH</title><shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc ">How to get Google Analytics up and running with your instance of Better Web Help.</shortdesc><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author type="creator" translate="no" class="- topic/author ">Scott Lucchini &lt;scott.lucchini@easydita.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><taskbody class="- topic/body task/taskbody "><context class="- topic/section task/context ">The code is already built for using Google Analytics, however to track your website you need to enter in your own Tracking ID that you get when you create a GA account.</context><steps class="- topic/ol task/steps "><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Navigate to www.google.com/analytics and click the "Access Google Analytics" button in the top right hand corner.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">On the next page, click the "Sign Up" button.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Fill out the required form and click "Get Tracking ID"</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">You will then be brought to a page that lists your Tracking ID as well as a block of code. All you need to do is copy the Tracking ID and save it for later.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Next, you need to add the Google Analytics code to the webpage. Go to the root directory of your website and open "index.html" in a text editor.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Copy the code below and paste it just before the closing &lt;/head&gt; tag (right after the &lt;title&gt;{your-title}&lt;/title&gt; tag).</cmd><stepxmp class="- topic/itemgroup task/stepxmp "><codeblock xml:space="preserve" class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">&lt;script&gt;
	(function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){(i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)})(window,document,'script','//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');

	ga('create', '<b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">{your-tracking-id}</b>', {'cookieDomain': 'none'});
	ga('send', 'pageview');

&lt;/script&gt;</codeblock></stepxmp></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Now simply replace {your-tracking-id} with the Tracking ID you saved from step 5.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Save and close index.html.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">After a few hours, you should be able to navigate back to www.google.com/analytics/web and see your webpage listed there. Click on "All Web Site Data"</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><note type="note" class="- topic/note ">If you see the "Sign Up" page again, make sure you're logged in with the correct account. You can check this with the drop down menu next to your email address in the top right hand corner.</note><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd "/></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">This will bring you to the homepage of the Analytics Info.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">To view pageview data and behavior flow click on "Overview" under "Behavior" in the left side panel. This page pageviews and top pages.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">You can also click on "Behavior Flow" to see how users navigate your site.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Under "Site Content" select "All Pages" to see an overview of the pages viewed by your users. If you scroll down to the bottom of the page, you will see a list of the top pages viewed. You can filter these to only show searches by entering "#/q=" into the search bar at the top.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">We also highly encourage you to use our Custom Dashboard. When logged in, click on the following link and you will be prompted to import the Dashboard:</cmd><stepxmp class="- topic/itemgroup task/stepxmp ">https://www.google.com/analytics/web/template?uid=4Ncv497jRk2VswVMX-P1Qg</stepxmp></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">The dashboard shows you a number of useful statistics, and you are welcome to customize the dashboard to your liking once you've downloaded it.</cmd></step></steps><result class="- topic/section task/result ">Hopefully this gets you starting with Google Analytics for you Better Web Help web site.</result></taskbody></task>