<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="task-5931" domains="(topic task)                            (topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)    " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" class="- topic/topic task/task "><title class="- topic/title ">Custom Footer</title><shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc ">How to include a custom footer for a link to your support channel in you implementation of Better Web Help.</shortdesc><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author type="creator" translate="no" class="- topic/author ">Scott Lucchini &lt;scott.lucchini@easydita.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><taskbody class="- topic/body task/taskbody "><context class="- topic/section task/context ">This assumes you have already built a Better Webhelp website, and the root directory is bwh/.</context><steps class="- topic/ol task/steps "><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">When you first build a BWH site, a default footer is loaded (footer.html). However, it contains a link to the easyDITA support website, so you should customize this file before launching your website.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Open footer.html in a text editing program, and you will see the following:</cmd><stepxmp class="- topic/itemgroup task/stepxmp "><codeblock xml:space="preserve" class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">&lt;span id="text"&gt;Need help? &lt;a href="http://support.easydita.com/home"&gt;Contact our support.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/span&gt;</codeblock></stepxmp></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><note type="note" class="- topic/note ">The footer.html file will only contain what's necessary for the footer
 (i.e. it should begin with the &lt;span&gt; as shown above). There is no 
need for &lt;html&gt;, &lt;head&gt;, or &lt;body&gt; tags.</note><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd "/></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Feel free to change the text ("Need help? Contact our support.") and the href link ("http://support.easydita.com/home") to tailor it to your site.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Leave the &lt;span&gt; surrounding it though. This will assure proper formatting on the site.</cmd></step></steps><result class="- topic/section task/result ">On each page load, footer.html will be automatically insterted into the page.</result></taskbody></task>