<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="task-7092" domains="(topic task)                            (topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)    " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" class="- topic/topic task/task "><title class="- topic/title ">Adding a Manifest File</title><shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc ">How to add a webapp manifest file to your Better Web Help.</shortdesc><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author type="creator" translate="no" class="- topic/author ">Scott Lucchini &lt;scott.lucchini@easydita.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><taskbody class="- topic/body task/taskbody "><context class="- topic/section task/context ">A webapp manifest tells your webpage how to cache pages. Based on how it is used, it can allow your website to be accessed offline. There is already a manifest file built for BWH. All you need to do is modify it to include any additional resources.</context><steps class="- topic/ol task/steps "><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">The manifest file is located in the root directory of your webpage (bwh/ on the github repository) and is called webapp.manifest.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Under the "CACHE:" heading, you will see a long list of files. Here, add any additional files your page requires (such as files in the heading/ folder or additional scripts or images)</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><note type="note" class="- topic/note ">You shouldn't include all the content files here since you have to write each file out individually. That will be covered in the next step.</note><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd "/></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Under "NETWORK:" you see an asterisk. This means that the manifest will cache all other pages as they are encountered. This will cover all the content pages.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Then "FALLBACK:" says that if there is any page that isn't cached yet, it should load fallback.html. This file simply states "Oops, this files isn't cached yet, sorry!"</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Once your manifest is built. You need to add it to the webpage. Change the opening &lt;html&gt; tag to the following:</cmd><stepxmp class="- topic/itemgroup task/stepxmp "><codeblock xml:space="preserve" class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">&lt;html manifest='webapp.manifest'&gt;</codeblock></stepxmp></step></steps><result class="- topic/section task/result ">When you next load the webpage if you have the developer tools open, you will see the manifest checking for each of the files listed (written out in the console).<note type="important" class="- topic/note ">If you alter any of the files listed in the manifest, they will not update on the website until the manifest itself is updated. Simply update the version line to reload all cached items.</note></result></taskbody></task>