<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="concept-6607" xml:lang="en-us" domains="(topic concept)                            (topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)    " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title ">BWH Styling</title><shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc ">How the styling has been built for the Better Web Help DITA OT plugin.</shortdesc><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author type="creator" translate="no" class="- topic/author ">Scott Lucchini &lt;scott.lucchini@easydita.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p class="- topic/p ">The Better Web Help styling was built to be adaptive for mobile, tablet, and desktop. This was accomplished by adapting the frameless framework. To make the development simpler, we used LESS for CSS and compiled it before running the DITA OT.</p><p class="- topic/p ">The base styling is provided by the frameless.css stylesheet, compiled by frameless.less (both located in com.jorsek.bwh/resource/scripts/). This provides the basic styling for the webpage and for the drag-up nav panel on mobile.</p><p class="- topic/p ">This can be overwritten by side-drawer.css (as explained in BWH_Customization.pdf) which will change the nav panel to drag out from the left side.</p><p class="- topic/p ">Additionally, the user can add their own overwrite files. We have provided two example template files to get started: user-fonts.css and user-styling.css. These are automatically included in the &lt;head&gt; on build from the DITA OT, so you can just go ahead and edit them to change the styling.<note type="note" class="- topic/note ">If you do change the user-fonts.css or user-styling.css files, you can safely rerun the DITA OT build script to the same folder and it will not overwrite your customizations.</note></p><p class="- topic/p ">Follow the examples to get more comfortable with how these customization files can be put to use.</p></conbody></concept>