<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/task.dtd">
<task xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="task-6561" domains="(topic task)                            (topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)    " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" class="- topic/topic task/task "><title class="- topic/title ">Custom Heading &amp; Logo for BWH</title><shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc ">How to add a custom heading and logo to the Better Web Help (bwh) DITA OT plugin output.</shortdesc><prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author type="creator" translate="no" class="- topic/author ">Scott Lucchini &lt;scott.lucchini@easydita.com&gt;</author><metadata class="- topic/metadata "><keywords class="- topic/keywords "/></metadata></prolog><taskbody class="- topic/body task/taskbody "><context class="- topic/section task/context ">The default page for the bwh output is automatically built to insert any heading it finds in the output directory. So, all you have to do is design it.</context><steps class="- topic/ol task/steps "><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">First, design a heading. It might look something like this:</cmd><stepxmp class="- topic/itemgroup task/stepxmp "><codeblock xml:space="preserve" class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">&lt;div&gt;
	&lt;img src="heading/logo.jpg"/&gt;
	&lt;h1&gt;Web Help&lt;/h1&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;</codeblock></stepxmp></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">There is styling already associated with &lt;h1&gt; and &lt;img&gt; tags, however you are welcome to override that styling with inline CSS, such as:</cmd><stepxmp class="- topic/itemgroup task/stepxmp "><codeblock xml:space="preserve" class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">&lt;h1 style="background-color: red; text-weight: bold; font-size: 28;"&gt;
	Web Help&lt;/h1&gt;</codeblock></stepxmp></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">Once the header is created, save it as "heading.html" and put it in the root directory of the DITA OT output.</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><note type="note" class="- topic/note ">The heading.html file will only contain what's necessary for the heading (i.e. it can begin with the &lt;div&gt; as shown above). There is no need for &lt;html&gt;, &lt;head&gt;, or &lt;body&gt; tags.</note><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd "/></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">If you have other content such as images or other files, it is recommended to have a "heading" folder into which you can put all of those. As in Step 1, in your source for your heading, make sure each reference looks into the heading folder. (&lt;img src="heading/logo.jpg"/&gt;)</cmd></step><step class="- topic/li task/step "><cmd class="- topic/ph task/cmd ">The next time you load the page, your header should pop up on top of the web help. If it doesn't look the way you want, go back in and adjust the inline styling in heading.html.</cmd></step></steps><result class="- topic/section task/result ">So, to add a heading to your web help system, all you have to do is include a heading.html file in the root directory of your web app and you're all set.</result></taskbody></task>